{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9300\viewh12040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 ThinkDesignBlog.com Freebie:
\f1\b0 \
\
All of our materials and content are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike license. This basically means, you can alter, transform, or build upon our work, even for commercial purposes, as long as you agree to our Terms and Conditions.\
\

\f2\i Terms and Conditions:
\f1\i0 \
\
1. You may not redistribute Think Design Blog files from your own site. You are more than welcome to link to any post however. If you would like to feature a post of mine on your site, please use an excerpt, or small portion, opposed to the full post.\
\
2. You may not sell/resell (even if heavily modified) any of our freebies, or include them in your own freebie downloads. This includes all file\'d5s that are given away on Think Design Blog.\
\
3. You may not claim any Think Design Blog artwork, freebies, resources, or content as your own work.\
\
By using my files, content, or both you agree to these terms and conditions which are subject to change without notice. Violating these terms and conditions could and will result in punishment to the maximum extent under law.\
\
We are aiming to give people more tools to design. So by all means, use our freebies in your next piece! Just do not resell any of our freebies in anyway, and please abide by the terms and conditions. If you have any questions regarding our policies, or what you can or cannot use our freebies for, please feel free to contact us. Thanks!\
}